Add a hint to log out/in after installation to the README (#2368)
rust-lang/rustup: README.md

running (your editor is open and running RLS). The solution is to stop RLS (by
closing your editor) and try again.

### rustup exited sucessfully but I can't run `rustc --version`

To get started you need Cargo's bin directory ({cargo_home}/bin) in your `PATH`

> environment variable. This should be done by rustup. Next time you log in this will be done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment variable. This should be done by rustup. Next time you log in this should have been done
```

Just in case it doesn't work, let's not assert it *will* but rather than it *should* happen :D
